Hi, Israq21 here,
Today, I will recap a movie called Savage Grace,
Savage Grace is a 2007 segggs drama film.
The story is based on the dysfunctional, allegedly incestuous relationship between the heiress and socialite Barbara Daly Baekeland and her son, Antony.
OK, what's the continuation of the story?
watch out and take care,
This is a spoiler content video, Enjoy the video and let’s start the story,
The film begins in 1946, New York City,
in a luxury house,
there is a woman named Barbara who is holding a baby,
this little newborn baby is named Antony Baekeland,
and the film Savage Grace is, starting.
The scene continues when Barbara is on the phone with her friend.
Not long after, her husband arrives and they talk about the socialite party they are going to attend tonight.
Barbara’s husband, Brooks Baekeland is the heir and grandson of Leo Baekeland,
the inventor of bakelite plastic,
so he's been rich since birth.
That night, they come to a socialite dinner at a luxury restaurant,
While their son Anthony is entrusted to his grandmother named Nini, Barbara's mother.
After dinner, it seems that the two of them are quarreling,
even when they want to go to sleep, they still spit out words,
so this is a sign that their relationship isn't going well.
Then the scene moves to 1959 in Paris,
Now Antony is 12 years old,
he grows into a good and intelligent boy who is proficient in French.
Then when his father has a guest, Barbara, who feels herself and her child being harassed by this guest,
finally she gets angry and immediately kicks the guest out.
Her husband, who is disappointed with Barbara,
finally he goes to rent a hotel to sleep alone,
but apparently Barbara follows her husband,
so that her husband will forgive her,
in the end, Barbara gives her bottom cave to enjoy by her husband,
So they are making love and get back together.
After they are satisfied, they go home, both of them are surprised to find a boy sleeping in Antony's room,
his father says,
who is the boy ?
Antony who is bathing in a relaxed manner replies, "that's my friend, I don't want to be alone when you guys are not home.
so I invite my friend to talk and play together in my room."
Antony's father looks annoyed with that answer and immediately tells Antony to kick his friend away, while Barbara only smiles and smiles.
Then the scene moves to 1967,
Antony is already 20 years old now,
his family has moved to Spain,
there Antony starts spending time with his friends,
he even gets acquainted with a Spanish girl named Blanca.
His father thinks that Antony had found the girl he liked,
so He and Barbara welcome her happily and even invite Blanca to go on vacation with their family.
When they are on vacation,
it is seen that Antony's father is more interested in Blanca,
the two of them are chatting like that,
so that Barbara,
who feels neglected, she becomes annoyed.
then the scene moves to 1968,
a year later at an airport,
Barbara wants to pick up her new secretary,
but suddenly she sees her husband is with a young woman,
who else if not Blanca,
when they look at each other,
they both immediately avoids her,
but Barbara follows them until she gets them.
In front of everyone,
Barbara gets angry and curses her husband and Blanca,
Barbara is very disappointed and does not expect her husband to have an affair behind her,
because their affair not only hurt Barbara's heart but also Antony's heart.
Barbara who is still sad, Now become even sadder, because when she gets home,
she sees Antony and her boyfriend are doing a samurai sword fight.
Antony says to his mother that he really doesn't love Blanca, because he only likes this guy, his boyfriend.
Barbara who just found out about it, can't say any more words and can only just give up.
Barbara who has just hired a new secretary, is finally able to treat her pain a little,
this gay man named Sam,
he is usually in charge of escorting wealthy women,
and now he is tasked with accompanying Barbara's days while giving her a bit of advice,
so that she can get out of her slump,
one of the advice is by suggesting her to return to painting.
On the other hand, Antony who is also disappointed with his father's treatment,
finally becomes close to Sam,
the two of them even sleep together and do a samurai sword fight.
without them knowing, it turns out that Barbara knows it.
At breakfast, Barbara scolds Sam because he had done a samurai sword fight with her son.
Antony who sees his mother's increasingly sensitive attitude, finally sends a letter to his father telling him to go back with his mother,
besides that Antony also tells a little about his disturbed mind.
Then it looks like Barbara is starting to follow Sam's advice by going back to painting,
but before the painting is finished, Barbara can't hold back her sadness so she throws her brush away.
Sam who sees her from afar then goes to calm her down,
because barbara hasn't made love in a very long time,
finally she orders Sam to explore her bottom cave until she feels satisfied.
even though Sam is gay but they are still making love together.
After being satisfied, Unexpectedly Antony sees his mother who is sleeping with Sam,
so He decides to go to bed with them.
when Barbara wakes up,
She is very surprised that Antony is beside Sam,
Surprisingly, Barbara laughs until they all wake up and laugh too, when they fell silent again their desire came back,
and finally the mother, son and secretary do a making love scene,
wow that's really amazing.
After that, Barbara starts to be cheerful again but the happiness she feels doesn't last long because Sam has to leave them
Finally Barbara is being stressed again and decides to suicide.
It turns out that this reckless thing was actually also influenced by an incident in her past where his father and grandfather also died by suicide.
Fortunately Barbara can still be saved,
Barbara and Antony are back struggling for their days.
As a son, Antony tries to protect and help his mother,
including treating the wound on his mother's hand.
Besides that, Antony also often writes letters to his father even though his father never replies to his letters.
in his letter Antony tells about his habit of writing in reverse,
so no one could read what he was thinking.
He also tells him about his pet's leashes that were lost and he can't sleep because of that.
From this, it can be concluded that Antony's mental health is being disturbed.
then the scene moves to 1972, Antony and Barbara have moved to London now.
there Barbara resumes her life as a socialite.
When Barbara comes home, Antony asks her about the whereabouts of the dog collar he had been looking for.
but Barbara says she doesn't know about the dog collar.
Then Barbara changes the topic by discussing Antony's disorder who likes the same sex or gay.
Barbara is thinking about healing her son here by touching her son's carrot,
in the hope that his carrot will get up.
After getting up a little, Barbara puts the carrot into her bottom cave and sways on her son's lap,
but unfortunately because there is no desire,
Antony's carrot returns to being sluggish,
so everything seems in vain because Barbara is not satisfied.
Barbara's treatment didn't cure Antony,
but instead worsened Antony's mental health.
then Antony asks again about the dog collar.
Now Barbara can’t take it anymore, so she decides to help him to find the dog collar,
but Antony finds it first in the kitchen,
After that, Antony starts crying,
Barbara sees it then scolds Antony who is crying while sucking his thumb.
Antony accuses his mother of hiding the dog collar,
Antony also accuses his mother of writing backwards in his book.
Barbara is clearly confused because she doesn't know what Antony is saying.
It turns out that in his true story,
Antony suffers from Schizophrenia,
which is a mental disorder with Major symptoms include hallucinations, delusions, paranoia, and disorganized thinking.
Because the debate continues,
At the end, suddenly Antony stabs a knife into his mother's stomach.
Strangely, in this situation, Antony still has time to order food and eats quietly beside his mother's corpse.
Because he is proven to have stabbed his mother,
finally Antony is arrested.
At the end of the film,
It appears a black screen with writings that tell about Antony's life after.
because he had a mental illness, Antony did not serve his sentence in prison but he was sent to a mental hospital for treatment,
after being considered cured in 1980,
He was released and lived with Nini, his grandmother in America.
but only a week later he stabbed a knife into his grandmother's body,
luckily his grandmother was still alive.
finally Antony was actually thrown in jail.
but in 1981 he committed suicide by covering his head with a plastic bag until he ran out of breath
and the movie of Savage Grace is,
over
Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoy it,
Please, give me thumbs up and click the subscribe button,
See you on another video